In order to best describe the usefulness or lack thereof of my final project I believe it would first be valuable to describe or establish a definition of usefulness. Usefulness comes up in a number of fields and practices, especially given we live in world predicated on value. Some might even be willing to claim that usefulness drives the very core of our current global sociological moment. Ultimately I believe that the underlying tenets of productivity which govern our fast paced and ever evolving society require that the majority of the things we create or interact with must have purpose. What exactly is purpose, however, thats up to you and me to decide. For one of us, purpose might be entirely externally motivated and externally realized. Some outside force or factor which impacts our daily lives to the extent that we transform our lives to accommodate or reflect its’s impact. For other’s purpose is intrinsically motivated. An ideology, a value, a principal, thought or belief system, grafted to our perception of our reality, that aids us in shaping and defining the bounds of our thoughts and actions. For others purpose can be found in the networks that surround us, the long lasting connections that we make or even the impact created on the lives or world around us. For some it can be quantified with statistics or mathematical analysis, for others it can be qualified by the beautiful songs sung by those who recognize our impact or by the pleasant well of emotions which spring up in response to an interpreted value that we have created.  Ultimately, however, as the one continues to approach the concept of usefulness with a critical gaze it begins to lose some of its luster. To what end can a society be driven purely by purpose? At what point does the concept of added value become nebulous, too nebulous to be limited to one perspective? Additionally, I believe that this act of reflection regarding value allows us to realize how limited and perhaps even arbitrary the current criteria we use to determine usefulness or value actually are. Toward this project, however, I believe rejecting the premise that all the items we create or interact with must have some kind of purpose in the traditional manner, is the first step to understanding the spirit behind these creations. And in that same vein I believe that we have the power to create our own definition of value based on the most ideal form of  reality we can craft with our imaginations. A color recognition mood reading jukebox is useful for a number of reasons. For one reason this is an invention that would bring a lot of joy to whoever decided to use it because it breaks up the monotony that typically becomes associated with the mundane tasks required to exist in our modern era. I would posit that a task like selecting clothes becomes slightly more interesting when you have the knowledge that a soundtrack may be attached to this decision. Aside from that, many people are in the practice of using their fashion or style choices to represent aspects of their identity, or to present to the watching eyes of the world each individual's idealistic perception of themselves. Having a technology like this would allow people to experience what others might be drawing from their personal style choices, by presenting these choices from another perspective. Additionally, music is a practice that a large number of the global population enjoys. By adding music to an aspect of life that was previously lacking music, people are given another opportunity to enjoy something they like. On the other hand, this project is useless, because it will not be tangibly aiding any of the users who encounter it to accomplish a task. It will not give them something they explicitly requested and it will not necessarily elevate or even impact the experiences of all those who interact with it. Hence my project is both useful and useless as our project proposal required.
